# https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QaHraWgaV44

>  年末に起きた凄惨な未解決事件【世田谷一家⚪︎害事件】で岡本が覚えている出来事とは｜岡本吉起塾Ch 

Hello, this evening, we'll again be practicing the English language. Tonight, we do have a new video from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki.

This time, I thought that his video was quite short at approximately 6mins, but after viewing it, I felt that it was quite longer than I initially thought.

The video is about a murder incident involving the family known as SETAGAYAIKKA whose four members, the whole family, was murdered by an unidentified person who came to their home and committed the crime. According to Mr. OKAMOTO, the person up until now, 24 years later, has not yet been apprehended and is still out and may commit another crime.

Mr. OKAMOTO also noted that the person even took out an ice cream from the family's refrigerator and ate it. Mr. OKAMOTO thought that this part was rather striking.

In addition, in 2000, Mr. OKAMOTO was also in the same town and was waiting for his co-worker who was buying food at a nearby store, when two police officers came to where he was waiting inside his vehicle, and asked him several questions.

He said that he was told that they were investigating an incident involving the SETAGAYAIKKA. He complied with their request to cooperate and provided responses to their questions. He also gave them his fingerprints. 

Mr. OKAMOTO believes that after so many years, the police has already identified the criminal, but up until now could not arrest the person.

This is all for now. Thank you.
