# https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gBNGVGZw2XQ

>  『タイパ』が気になってゲームに集中出来ない！ゲームのやり込みで得られるものを考える 

Hello, this evening, we're going to practice the English language, and for our main topic, we'll be focusing on the new video from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki, who shares in this new video of his something about Time Performance and its relation to video games.

First, according to Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki, Time Performance is something that we may factor in whenever we are thinking about doing something.

He actually gave an example where if we are given the choice to buy a particular meal, would we choose the more expensive one or the cheaper one? Of course, we'd go for the cheaper meal, but here Mr. OKAMOTO tells us that we must also consider the Time Performance factor, because a restaurant may be selling chicken rice at 150 yen, but to get there, we may need to travel a longer distance which would cost us 30 minutes or more.

Having said this, Mr. OKAMOTO believes that video games offer us the best time performance especially if we are looking for something that could help us release stress. 

He tells us that a person plays video games to find something that would challenge him, and then by putting in much effort, we'd be able to solve the problem and experience this super great feeling of having solved something immensely challenging.

This is why, he says that there are kids who stop going to school, because they feel that can't experience that super great feeling even after working on the problem and so on.

This is all for now. Thank you.
