# https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llttdoxm8-c

> 80年代に大流行したゲームセンターがあまり好きではなかった理由 

Hello, this evening, we're going to practice again the English language. Tonight, we do have a new video from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki.

This time, we shares with us his reason why he doesn't quite like the game centers (the arcades) of the 80's.

He gives us three reasons.

First, he says that each play of the game cost 100 yen at the arcades. Now if the person bought the game and played at home, he could play it as many times as he wanted. So it was less costly to buy the so-called "consumer" or console games and play them at home. However, we also hear that at the time, the arcade games had the most advanced technologies and so if anyone wanted to be the first to play them, they'd have to go to the arcades, because it would still be awhile before the games would come out on consoles.

The next reason that I can remember is the one about the lighting. At the time, the arcade machines were like tables whose monitors faced upward, such that the player had to look down. According to Mr. OKAMOTO, this was not ideal for playing, because sometimes the lighting would be hitting a portion of the screen, and the player had to move sideways to play well. Later on, we learn that the arcade machines began to have their monitors placed in a way that would remind us of computer and TV monitors that we have right now.

The last reason that Mr. OKAMOTO gave is the one about the sound. He tells us that a game is sold 50% of the way due to its sound. However, because game development companies also knew about this, they each increased the sound volume of their arcade games, which led to the difficulty in actually being able to listen to any of their sounds when a person enters the arcades.

This is all for now. Thank you.
