# https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JwK9PE4xV6k

> F .I .R.E.維持できない人続出中！失敗しないために知っておきたいF .I .R.E.のデメリット｜岡本吉起塾Ch 

Tonight, we have a new video from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki. It's about F .I .R.E.

Do you remember what F .I .R.E. is? In some of the earlier videos of Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki he shared with us this concept of being able to accumulate enough money, or being able to create a system such that a person who's achieved F.I.R.E. status need not worry about money anymore.

However, in this video, Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki shares with us there are actually also disadvantages to having the desire to achieve F.I.R.E. status.

For instance, Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki gives an example where a person would want to make money so rapidly that when the value of the stocks go down, he'd have no more way to make money afterward.

Therefore, Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki tells us that we'd need to prepare first our insurances (health-related, etc) before we proclaim ourselves to have achieved F.I.R.E. status.

In addition, we can remember that in this video Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki also shares with us that achieving F.I.R.E. status means we can already do what we've always wanted to do. This is an advantage. But we also need to keep in mind that to reach this goal, we may need to go out on vacation once every year only. And we know that there are people who'd want to go out more, several times every year.

This means that to achieve F.I.R.E. status we first need to prepare those things that are necessary when something like a disaster occurs, as well as discipline ourselves via sacrificing multiple vacations per year and making do with only once every year.

There are more things in this video, of course, but I've focused on these here and in the other classes as well.
