# https://www.youtube.com/@GhibOjisan

> Ghib Ojisan

Hello, this evening, we're going to do another one of our English practices. 

This time, Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki doesn't yet have a new video, so in the other classes, I've focused on the other channels that I've subscribed too.

One of which in particular is the channel from Ghib Ojisan. Since recently, I've been watching and listening to his videos if not everyday, almost everyday. I've gotten quite interested in learning about Singapore, maybe because I'm seriously considering doing an MBA there. 

First, I've been gathering information on the MBA programs available and the sort of life people have there in Singapore.

So Ghib Ojisan's channel lets me see some of the things that a Japanese person would encounter while living in Singapore. And since Mr. Ghib Ojisan is married to a Singaporean, I could see the type of life and experiences he has.

In the other classes, I was sharing that my impression when I started to watch Mr. Ghib Ojisan's videos was that about 5 years ago, he was also thinking about doing an MBA in Singapore, but later decided to create his own channel and be a YouTuber instead. I think it was also during this time that many YouTubers came out and started to upload videos with the goal of eventually making a profit. In addition, he was able to find and marry a Singaporean which helped him stay in Singapore longer with less expenses in terms of accomodation, etc.

However, after about 5 years, it looks like being a YouTuber doesn't pay as much as people initially thought. This is why, we'd see people beginning to sell food, or in the case of Mr. Ghib Ojisan, using the channel to market his upcoming restaurant in Singapore.

In the other classes, I mentioned that I was reminded of my high school classmate who married a Taiwanese, and then after having two children with his wife, he moved back to Japan for work. From my understanding, his wife and children remained in Taiwan.

I don't know if Mr. Ghib Ojisan will be doing the same thing, but it seems that when money becomes a factor, Japan appears to provide the necessary sum that could support the family living in another country, like Taiwan or in Mr. Ghib Ojisan's case, Singapore.

This is all for now. Thank you. 
