https://philnits.org/

Dear friends,

Yesterday evening, I was sharing in the other classes that I went to the Philippine Christian University (PCU) in Malate, Manila early in the morning to serve as proctor of the PhilNITS exam this April. As I spoke with the examinees, I learned that many of them are already living in Japan, or have the intention of living there. They are taking the exam in order to accelerate the process of applying for a visa. They believe that passing the exam would enable them to find work and stay in Japan. Moreover, they came to the Philippines, because the exam offered here is in English. Upon hearing this, I advised them to study the Japanese language as well, so that they would be able to interact with the Japanese people. I gave as example the people who've already lived in Japan for two or so years yet still cannot say "thank you" in the language. While the country has been designed so that they could still buy groceries at the convenience store and do similar things without ever learning the language, we know too that there's a sense of absence felt when a person merely goes about his daily existence without being connected to other people in a way that is deeply human. For instance, we find that there are graduate students who've gone to Japan with the goal of getting a PhD, but without necessarily having the motivation to engage themselves wholeheartedly in the study and mastery of the Japanese language. In fact, I heard from my colleagues at PhilNITS that more emphasis is now being given to the Japanese language than technical skills like Information Technology (IT). We can expect as a natural pattern among peoples that those who can't communicate in the language would seek friends who're in the same situation. They'll form a group of their own, while another group, the main group composed of people who can communicate in the language, would be the dominant force. When conflict arises, this latter group would of course win given that they're living in their own native country.

This is all.

Thank you.

Regards,

Mike
