> [JFM Reminder] Confirm Your Spot : Oshaberi Salon: Travel (旅行) | April 23

> 【 Date 】 April 23, 2025 (Wednesday) 
> 【 Time 】 6:00 PM – 7:15 PM (Philippine Time) 
> 【 Venue 】 Online via Zoom 

## --

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UIvvsyJTg9I

> 【雑談】ゲームクリエイター「岡本吉起」あるある｜岡本吉起塾Ch 
 
Dear friends,

Tonight, I joined a Zoom meeting with the folks at Japan Foundation, Manila. The theme was travel. The participants spoke about their trips within the Philippines as well as outside the country. Afterward, they shared about the places that they'd want to go and visit. Finally, in our group, the part about the expenses received quite the attention. Nevertheless, we were also able to come up with ways to solve the problem. For example, we could buy cheap bread at the supermarket, or before leaving, cook food that we'd bring to where we're going.

Next, with regard to Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki's talk, my impression at the start was that it was long. Still, I was able to view it until the end. I think it's because there were a man and a woman who were at the background, and it seemed that their movement spoke of something that they know of concerning Mr. OKAMOTO or the Japanese people. Perhaps it could be a mistake or something that the man did. Of course, we don't know all the details, but what is clear is that Mr. OKAMOTO knows something about it too.

Lastly, what Mr. OKAMOTO spoke about in his video are the problems that he often encountered, especially those involving his so-called fans. For instance, they'd come and tell him information that is completely wrong, like his best-known masterpiece is Megaman, and such things.

This is all.

Thank you and good night!

Regards,

Mike
