https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-VbLGQT2_cQ

> 【緊急解説】ハーバード1.2兆円凍結の衝撃！トランプが狙う"エリート大学つぶし"と関税戦争の行方

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxCadd9DWiQ

> 【スト６】新機能「モダン操作」で格ゲーはこう変わる！

Dear friends,

I'm writing my report today instead of yesterday evening, because I noticed that it would again be a noisy night and the amount of things that I'd have to write would take as much as 30 minutes, so I decided it would be best to do this today.

For this report, I actually have two things to share with all of you. The first is Mr. ITO, Joichi's talk on the Trump Administration, while the second is Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki's video on the new "Modern Controls" added in Street Fighter 6.

With regard to Mr. ITO's talk, we find that he's again excited to share with us his thoughts on the Trump Administration. According to him, both local and international communities are facing a variety of problems due to the actions of the U.S. president. Since the U.S. is aiming to manufacture products on its own, Mexico and Canada have implemented tariffs against the U.S. Furthermore, we learn that the impact of the U.S. administration's actions has led to the Apple factory in China to close down. Within the U.S., among the universities that are fighting against President Trump, Columbia University is said to have fallen, and has given its acquiescence to the president. Since prior to this, the administration has been arresting students from Pakistan, among others, and has even stopped giving universities government funding. However, Harvard University stands at the vanguard of the protests against President Trump, brandishing the idea that what universities do isn't dictated by the U.S. president. Thus, we find that to change the current world system, the U.S. administration has taken measures that have led to the reported incidents. I think that if it didn't, we'll only be traversing the same path, and would not be able to advance to something much better than what we have right now.

Next, concerning Mr. OKAMOTO's talk on Street Fighter 6, he pointed out that the said game now has "Modern Controls" to make the command inputs simpler. However, for Mr. OKAMOTO, he'd still choose the classic controls, because he explains that he's been using it since the very beginning. He also adds that the classic controls are superior to "Modern Controls" about 90% of the time. However, he continued that even "Modern Controls" would be advantageous especially when it comes to quickly executing commands using characters like Zangief and E.Honda whose command inputs, he says, are complicated. Still, because of this, the number of actions that can be done using Modern Controls has been cut in half. In my own experience, it's a lot harder to execute the shoryuken command on mobile gaming devices, like the Nintendo Switch, so that perhaps the fighting games that will be coming out in the near future would mainly have the charge and hadouken as part of their command inputs.

This is all.

Thank you.

Regards,

Mike
