https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1CvbdeGuokY

>【オリーブで繋がる街づくり】CREA FARMが推進する地域活性化の取り組みとは？ | 2025年4月11日 weekly gm | 毎週金曜10:00-11:00生配信

Dear friends,

Tonight, it looks like Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki isn’t going to upload a new video. Nevertheless, we do have, as always, plenty of videos from YouTube.

This time, what I’d like to share with all of you is the general meeting this morning with Mr. ITO, Joi and his team at Chiba Institute of Technology. 

But before he dive into the main topic on growing a business with olives, during Mr. KOMUGI’s presentation, we learn that Chiba Institute of Technology has garnered the highest number of applicants who’d want to enter their school in all of Japan at 160,000 students. Congratulations!

Moving on to the main topic for today, Ms. NISHIMURA, Yasuko, an executive at CREA FARM, shares with us the story behind their business and how they were able to grow it from a startup in 2015 to what it is now. She began saying that at the start, they didn’t have the technology and the know-how to grow olives themselves in Japan, so they imported them from overseas, then sold them in Japan. Gradually, they were able to learn how to bring the technologies necessary to produce the olives, which they sold together with the imported ones. By focusing on the quality of their product, their business began to flourish. It was then that they got in touch with members of their community to learn about each other’s businesses and how they could collaborate. Thus, they were able to produce and sell a variety of products that make use of olives to their local community and eventually to visitors from abroad too.

This is all. Thank you, and good night!

Regards,

Mike

