https://www.facebook.com/miensan168gilmore/

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjcvtrVZot4

> ジャパニーズウイスキーを樽で所有できる！クリス・ダイ氏が手がける世界最大の樽RWA(リアルワールドアセット)プロジェクトと地方創生実証モデル | 2025年4月25日 weekly gm

Dear friends,

Yesterday evening, Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki might have also wanted to take a rest so that he didn't upload any new videos anymore. Actually, I also went out to have dinner with my younger brother yesterday. We went to a Chinese restaurant called "Mien San," which is located near the school where we went to for grade school. I think I hadn't been there for over five years already. Moreover, I saw that there were not a lot people eating at the place, even though it was a Friday. Nonetheless, the food that I ordered, beef tendon noodle soup, was still delicious, although it cost 100 pesos more, at around 418 pesos. Also, I saw that Chinese visitors were eating there when we arrived, a good indication that the Chinese food at a given place is authentic.

My next news is about the meeting that I attended with Dr. ITO, Joichi and his team. I heard again the idea of using digital currency to pay and receive payments just like in PayPal which makes the market system move much faster. The presenter for the day also spoke about the use of Real World Assets in exchanging objects instead of money, aiming to reduce the so-called "friction" or the accounting problems that occur whenever such things are done. More specifically, the problems pertain to taxes. Meanwhile, an example of this object is a barrel, which has been used to hold whiskey inside. According to the explication, the whiskey tastes better based on the number of years the whiskey's been left inside the barrel to mature. However, as it turns out, what is exchanged in this case is only the barrel without the whiskey. The barrel supposedly provides good value for collectors. Upon listening to the talk, I initially didn't understand why anyone would want to exchange something like the said barrel.

This is all.

Thank you.

Regards,

Mike