https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cn8zPN8wZn0

> ソニーIP新作『パタポン』が任天堂スイッチで展開される件について語ります 

## --

> AeHIN Hour - The Role of Digital Health for UHC Financing in Indonesia

> Thu Apr 10, 2025 8pm – 9pm (GMT+8)

Dear friends,

Tonight, I have two pieces of information to share with all of you. The first is about the new video from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki who shares with us his thoughts on the remake of "Patapon" that is coming to the Nintendo Switch in July of this year. The second is the AeHIN Zoom Meeting that I've just attended on the Digital Health and its role in obtaining funding in Indonesia.

In the first video, Mr. OKAMOTO tells us that he's played the Patapon game before when it came out for the PSP in 2007. He says that since he's not one of those skillful gamers, he hasn't finished the game at all, just like with the other games he's played. However, he admits that there are times when he'd want to go back and play the game again. Aside from this, he explains that the majority of the cost in developing a game comes from the developer. Therefore, by using a tool to quickly port a game from the PSP to the Nintendo Switch or to PC, the team is able to reduce a huge amount in their expenditure.

The next news is about the role of Digital Health in obtaining funding in Indonesia. We learn that the country has covered over 98% of the more than 200 million people in their population already. Next, we are told that workers need to contribute 1% of their income to their national health insurance, while their employer gives the remaining 4%. In the succeedings slides of the presentation, we learn that the health care expenditure of the country has gone up to almost 11 billion USD in 2024 from the 2.5 billion in 2014. Moreover, heart disease is where most of their health care expenditure goes. Of course, kidney problems, among others, also take a comparatively large amount of money from their funds. Later on, the presenter, Mr. Ali Ghufron Mukti, explains the importance of interoperability and of not repeating the same set of tasks to address a common problem. This is said to be caused by people who do not talk with each other. In addition, Mr. Mukti explains that when sharing data, its owner must first give his approval. Thus, it was in this part where the problem of cybersecurity was brought up. According to Mr. Mukti, they get cybersecurity-related problems everyday, and they view it as a way to improve themselves as well. He provides examples such as using encryption, while noting on the side that buying ready-made security software can be costly. Mr. Mukti believes that sometimes, these software could even have been made by the cybercriminals themselves. Finally, with the ending of USAID, among others, they are now seeking further funding from other sources. Meanwhile, they are grateful to everyone who's been part of the journey, saying that the investment that they've planted five, 10 and even 20 years ago, has been well worth it.

This is all.

Thank you, and good night!

Regards,

Mike
