https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PeqLTaGDIMI

> Lunar Remastered Collection - Official Lunar 1: Truffle Troubler Gameplay

Dear friends,

Tonight, it looks like Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki isn't uploading a new video. Today is Sunday afterall. 

In the other classes, I've been sharing some of thoughts and recollections of "Lunar."

It was in the 90's when I first learned about this game. The magazines at the time had pages of advertisements that showed screenshots, illustrations and its story.

At the time, I frequented Virramall in San Juan City, and saw people playing the game inside stores where they had TV sets and consoles available for people to rent for an hour or more. What I can still remember even today is the 5 or 7 of the characters walking together in a snake-like manner. They were all wearing bright and colorful clothing that evoked a sense of something fun and adventurous. Hardly the dark type of ambience that we'd see later on upon the arrival of the PlayStation and the prominent titles like Resident Evil and Final Fantasy VII that came along with it.

Right now, I've been interested in learning about its story's script writing as well as the voice-overs. Wikipedia says that the story has undergone several revisions throughout the years.

Perhaps, it's because I am reminded of "Disgaea," which appears to cater to those who prefer to watch anime dubbed, instead of with subtitles. I think that as early as the 90's, I was among those who opted to watch anime with subtitles whenever possible, and this has also led me to the study of the Japanese language.

After viewing the trailer from IGN, I found that not all dialogues would voice-overs, and players would need to read them silently.

This is all. Thank you, and good night!

Regards,

Mike
