https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_CcmFwC23A

> Warren Buffett and more | Here Comes the Sun

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lU7Of6I4z8k

> 経営失敗した経験談から「会社の連帯保証人制度」についてお話します｜岡本吉起塾Ch


Dear friends,

A cloudy morning to all of you.

I am writing my report today instead of yesterday, because I noticed that it was taking me far longer to finish writing the reports in the other languages. The annoying noise present even in my audio recordings hasn't yet stopped, and I expect more failures and disappointments to come, so do also take heed and take care!

Last night, I shared two pieces of news. The first is about the story concerning the Washington Post and what Mr. Warren Buffett thought with respect to the company. The second is Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki's life story when he was president of Game Republic where he incurred a debt amounting to billions of yen and how he was able to pay back this debt to the Bank of Japan.

First, on the story about the Washington Post, we get a sense of the power that a newspaper like the Washington Post has in making an impact to society. In particular, during the Watergate incident when America was at war with Vietnam, Katharine Graham, the wife of the late Washington Post president who committed suicide, published on the newspaper top secret documents from the Pentagon that resulted to the resignation of US President Nixon. Near the end of the interview, we find Mr. Warren expressing his gratitude for having been born in America, and that this to him is a fortunate occasion worth mentioning again. Next, he predicts that the prices of commodities will continue to rise five, 10, even 20 years from now.

The second story is from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki who served as the president of Game Republic where after using up their capital, the company was on the brink of bankruptcy. He had gone to the Bank of Japan to borrow money, but due to the stark business climate in the 2000's, he had to carry a debt in the billions of yen. When asked if his company would be filing for bankruptcy, he replied that if they did so, no company who'd come and work with them on any project, and they won't be able to pay back the debt at all. Furthermore, on the side of the bank, he supposed that the people there would also be in trouble, because the money that they lent to a person such as himself, whom they initially thought could pay back the amount, won't be able to do so. It would take three years to repay, and during that time, Mr. OKAMOTO lived with a salary of only 150,000 yen per month. He'd use 5,000 yen each month to put into the mobile app, Dragon Collection, where he learned about its workings until late in the evening. He eventually met a stellar team with whom he'd develop the smash-hit mobile game, Monster Strike, becoming the means by which he was able to pay back his debt to the Bank of Japan.

This is all.

Thank you, and a bright morning to everyone.

Regards,

Mike
