https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqj49avSaPw

> むちゃ良ゲーやん！広告課金ゲームと話題の「ちいかわぽけっと」を語ります

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WYQj5cMW7M4

> 【直播】黄循财总理就美国对等关税发表声明 PM Lawrence Wong's ministerial statement on US tariffs (April 8)

--

> AeHIN Hour - Driving Next-Generation Healthcare Transformation in Taiwan: FHIR Implementation and Regional Insights

> Tue Apr 8, 2025 8pm – 9pm (GMT+8)

Dear friends,

Yesterday evening, I attended a Zoom meeting with the folks at AeHIN, so that I'm writing my report for yesterday this morning instead.

My report includes three pieces of news related to current events. The first is from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki who has shared the value of in-app purchasing in a mobile game like "Chiikawa Pocket." The second is the presentation by Singapore Prime Minister Lawrence Wong on the effects of U.S. tariffs in international trade, particularly in Singapore. The third news is the AeHIN Zoom meeting where we learn about Taiwan's Healthcare Transformation.

First, Mr. OKAMOTO's new video introduces us to the "Chiikawa Pocket" mobile game, which, he admits, he isn't a fan of, but understands the value of its in-app purchase feature based on his experience with other games like Kinoko Densetsu. He explains that the reason why we'd want to play games is so that we can free ourselves from stress. He adds that by making use of a mobile app's in-app purchase feature, we'll be able to feel even more relaxed, although he also cautions us that there are games such as the Kinoko Densetsu that compel us to put in more and more money into the app. In the other classes, I also shared my own thoughts on the matter, and I said that having the money to be able to buy anything that we want is a liberating experience. On the other hand, having not enough money to spend on what we want adds more of the stress that we accumulate in life.

The second piece of news that I'd want to share with all of you is the presentation from Singapore Prime Minister Lawrence Wong. In the video from zaobaosg, we learn that U.S. tariffs have dealt a powerful blow to Singapore, which relies heavily on international trade. While there are people who may think that once the Trump administration ends, there'll be a new administration, so we'll only need to endure the situation for awhile. However, PM Lawrence explains to us that historically, once tariffs have been increased, they aren't going to come down anymore. Therefore, since the tariffs affect other countries as well, not only Singapore, the Prime Minister seeks the understanding and support of the international community regarding this matter. In the other classes, I also mentioned that the this move by the United States with the tariffs is America's way of competing against a society, which although may be small, seems to be far better in terms of safety and security than itself. 

The last piece of news that I have is on the AeHIN meeting that I attended last night. Dr. Hsiu An Lee from Taiwan shared with us the digital transformation that Taiwan is currently undergoing in the field of healthcare. We learn that previously Taiwan had used its own national standard to digitally link multiple stakeholders, including health insurance companies, with each other. This time, Taiwan has been adhering to various standards and guidelines from the U.S. as well as use interoperable frameworks like FHIR. Given the huge amounts of patient data that were previously inaccessible to researchers, among others, practitioners can now make use of AI to predict and prevent the worsening of certain diseases like cancer.  Toward the end of the session, a question was raised regarding the use of AI to determine whether a patient document, for instance, has been falsified. At present, Taiwan isn't using AI for such things yet. Speaking of which, we know that whenever money is involved, there are those whom we'll find have it, while there are those who don't. Thus, as I mentioned in Mandarin class, what we'd want to understand is where the money is coming from, and what we learn is that the health insurance companies are providing the reimbursements to the hospitals where the medical treatments are taking place. However, when we look at the case here in the Philippines, PhilHealth, which is the National Health Insurance, has depleted its funds according to Microsoft News. Moreover, due to the COVID-19, capital at private insurance companies has also gone down. These are problems caused by a rapid rate of childbirth that moves much faster than what the amount of money that is contributed can ever cover. And as we can observe, people in-need of money are willing to lie in order to survive. Error In, Error Out. 

This is all.

Thank you.

Regards,

Mike 
