https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t19WSxVcwGo

> ゲームプロデューサー岡本吉起のYouTubeライブ(25/04/04)

Dear friends,

A good evening to all of you.

Tonight, Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki has shared with his thoughts on the new and upcoming console from Nintendo, the Switch 2, in a Live Video on YouTube.

But before this, he mentioned again the incident that occurred a week or so ago, and where he had to go to the hospital to get examined by a medical doctor. This time, I heard the name NISHITANI and I wondered whether it was in fact Mr. NISHITANI, instead of Mr. OKAMOTO who had to be examined at the hospital. In any case, we pray that the person could recover from his knee ailment soon.

With regard to Mr. OKAMOTO's thoughts on the new console from Nintendo, he says that it'll cost 49,998 yen in Japan. This pricing was done by Nintendo, so that local Japanese gamers could enjoy the latest console and of course all its games at a much lower price than those who are overseas. According to Mr. OKAMOTO, the console's price overseas would amount to up to 70,000 yen. He also says that of course there'll be people from China who'd buy the Japanese version at a lower price and sell it overseas. This is why, he explains that Nintendo will most likely be adding two conditions for anyone who'd be buying the Japanese version and using it overseas. The first is that the person should have at least 50 hours of gameplay time, while the second is that the person should have purchased something online.

This is all.

Of course, there are many more things that Mr. OKAMOTO has shared with us tonight, but I'll need to stop here already.

Thank you, and enjoy the rest of the evening!

Regards,

Mike
