https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9mWFZgYCMw

> 【株式投資】VIX恐怖指数が高めの時は要注意！（4月7日撮影） 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UM3W5kxtKU

> Amazon's Tariff Twist: Jeff Bezos Still Set To Win Despite Market Dip 

Dear friends,

Tonight, I'd like to share with you all two pieces of news. The first is from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki who explains to us VIX (Volatile Index) and what he'd recommend people to do in terms of investing in the stock market. The second one is from CNBC. It's about U.S. tariffs and Amazon.

First, Mr. OKAMOTO tells us that VIX is a way for us to know the global situation and be able to predict whether we can expect stock prices to go up or down. He cites as example the LEHMAN Shock that happened in August 2008. The VIX at the time was generally at 80.86. Meanwhile, during the China Shock of August 2015, the VIX climbed up to 53.29. During the COVID-19 in March 2023, the VIX went as high as 82.69. Right now, it's at 45. Mr. OKAMOTO advises us that the best course of action from his point of view is to quietly observe. Also, as a basic rule of thumb in investing in stocks, such as in S&P, buy when the value is going down, and sell when the value is rising.

The next piece of news that I have is from CNBC. Due to U.S. tariffs, the prices of commodities imported from China, among others, have been increasing. Amidst this situation, how can Amazon continue to be profitable? CNBC gives three possible ways that this issue could be addressed. One, Amazon increases too the prices of the commodities that are sold on its platform. Second, it increases the percentage that it takes from the income of the merchants that use its services. Third, it shoulders the cost itself, and maintains the current prices. In the end, Amazon can still be profitable, because the tariffs aren't specifically targeted at Amazon. Instead, it affects all the other businesses that import products from China and elsewhere. If everyone is experiencing this problem, then what that means is that all would need to work to be profitable.

This is all. Thank you, and good night!

Regards,

Mike
