https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YBmwYs16EE

> ついにNintendoSwitch2の価格発表！4.9万円はぶっちゃけ高く感じる？ 

Dear friends,

Tonight, we have a new video from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki on the Nintendo Switch 2. At first, I thought that it was a continuation or a retelling of last night's Live video, although we can still find quite a few more things worth sharing with people.

According to Mr. OKAMOTO, when a company like Nintendo launches a new console, they don't make a profit from it at the start. However, due to cheaper chips as the years go by, with the addition of amazing software, the company recuperates its losses from the hardware and begins to achieve profitability.

Mr. OKAMOTO also explains that if we compare Nintendo's new hardware with those such as the gaming PC's, it's still a lot cheaper, especially if we consider the software that gamers can enjoy on the new Switch 2.

In the other classes, I also gave my opinion on the matter, and I said that I'd still be only willing to shell out at most 20,000 yen for something like a gaming console. However, when I bought the Nintendo Switch Lite with the DQ 123 years ago, it cost me a little over 20,000 yen, but hardly 22,000 yen. I've also seen people playing games on their mobile phones, but I myself don't do such things. I think I'd prefer read an ebook instead. Actually, I would rarely, if at all, be seen playing a portable gaming console outside the house where other people could see me and feel jealous. In the 90's, I do remember having along the Sega Game Gear during one of our family trips where we went to an island in the Philippines called, "Marinduque," with the family of my father's friend. This was before the river in that island got contaminated. It was there that the older son of the other family showed us how we could beat Sonic 1. The Game Gear was hooked on an electrical outlet. My older brother had bought an adapter, because the Game Gear consumed quite a lot of energy, using large batteries which I think aren't sold in stores anymore.

This is all. Thank you, good night!

Regards,

Mike
