https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8YFdzyGgiGc

> 【日本の隠れた宝を世界に！】サントリー "SAKAZUKIプロジェクト"が今夏開催する体験型カルチャーフェス「Rize3 Expo」とは？ | 2025年4月18日 weekly gm 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3zPQGWp0Bfw

> Wall Street choppy as Eli Lilly jumps, UnitedHealth plunges | REUTERS 

Dear friends,

Tonight, it looks like Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki won't be uploading a new video again this evening, so in the other classes, what I've been sharing is the new GM video from Mr. ITO, Joichi's team and the news from REUTERS on the 14.3% increase in the stock value of pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly, while the stock value of insurance companies went down.

In Mr. ITO's video, we learn that Suntory, a company that sells alcoholic beverages, is looking for ways to enliven Japan. According to the company's chief in the meeting, when he was working overseas, he was surprised to learn that even foreigners enjoyed drinking Suntory's beverages. When he returned to Japan, he wanted to find partners who could help in creating experiences which money can't buy, in other words, how could they get Japanese people to enjoy even more their company's products. One partner who was also in the meeting shared that he has also returned to Japan after living abroad as a half-Japanese, and he's been joining events such as the upcoming Osaka Expo in May, among others, to share with people their said objective.

In the other classes, I mentioned that I did have a few impressions that I'd want to share after attending the meeting on YouTube. First is that Ms. Mariko NISHIMURA appears to have the special role of fishing out which among the participants are Japanese and which are not. I was saying too that at times we'd tend to focus on a person's accent, his way of speaking, and even his usage of English words in his Japanese sentences. I explained that perhaps this is because we want to know if the other person understand the culture, or would we need to treat him as a special visitor from god whom we'd need to spend a lot of our time and effort to help out and please. 

The other thing that I mentioned was that it appeared to me that beer drinking may be for the older type of people who would be willing to accept the risk of meeting strangers whom they may eventually find out to have no money and no job later on. This is why I shared that as an Asian, I thought that it would be best that the drinking doesn't go outside the house.

This is all. Thank you, and good night!

Regards,

Mike
