https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6SIPUSp9C4

> 若いうちは意識してはダメ！理想の「ワークライフバランス」を手にいれるには｜岡本吉起塾Ch 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uNoKTWPRCf0

> IPS-Nathan Lecture by Mr Philip Yeo — Lecture II

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A3Rp0L0wYvs

> 【殿堂入り】インドネシア・バタム島のBARELANG SEAFOODが美味しすぎる【おすすめグルメ】 

Dear friends,

Good evening to everyone.

Tonight, I'd like to share with you three videos. The first is from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki who shares with us his advice regarding the ideal "Work-Life Balance." The next video is from Mr. Philip YEO and his explanation on how Singapore was able to transform itself through R&D. Finally, the third video is from Mr. Ghib Ojisan who visited Indonesia five years ago.

In the first video, Mr. OKAMOTO tells us that new graduates who enter a company for work should focus on work even at the expense of indulging themselves with liesurely trips and vacations. He gives his own case as example where he didn't travel for pleasure for almost 10 years, and instead worked contunously. He explains that by working in such a manner, a person could reach a higher position much faster than the others. He adds that once a person has become the section chief or the project manager, he'd have a higher income, and more opportunities to take vacations.  

The second video is a lecture by Mr. Philip YEO. He tells us that R&D in Singapore can mainly be divided into two fields, namely pharmaceutical research and device research. Focusing on the former, Mr. Philip explains that researchers work on discovering drugs, which if successful, would be brought to the big pharmaceutical companies, so that the drugs could be produced in their factories and sold to the market in multitudes.

In the other classes, I was also saying that I was able to visit Singapore in the 90's after my Filipino uncle invited the family for a vacation there. At the time, I had only been able to go to Hong-Kong in 1997. It was there that I first tasted a Teppan Yaki dish with the vegetables and the meat. I thought it was delicious. Back in the Philippines, it would take a few more years for people to enjoy Teppan Yaki in a place like Saisaki in Edsa.

The last video is from Ghib Ojisan who shares with us the type of seafood that visitors can enjoy in Indonesia. The food looked delicious and was also inexpensive. However, because of this, we are reminded that in Japan, people aren't able to enjoy such fresh seafood, because of the high price.

This is all. Thank you, and good night!

Regards,

Mike
