https://podcasts.apple.com/jp/podcast/60-%E8%8C%B6%E9%81%93%E3%81%AE%E8%A8%98%E6%86%B6%E3%82%92%E3%82%AA%E3%83%BC%E3%83%97%E3%83%B3%E3%82%BD%E3%83%BC%E3%82%B9%E3%81%AB-%E3%83%87%E3%82%B8%E3%82%BF%E3%83%AB%E6%99%82%E4%BB%A3%E3%81%AE%E6%96%87%E5%8C%96%E7%B6%99%E6%89%BF%E3%81%AE%E5%BD%A2%E3%81%A8%E3%81%AF-%E4%BC%8A%E8%97%A4%E7%A9%B0%E4%B8%80-x-%E4%BC%8A%E4%BD%8F%E7%A6%AE%E6%AC%A1%E9%83%8E/id1590630855?i=1000703540121

> #60 茶道の記憶をオープンソースに：デジタル時代の文化継承の形とは｜伊藤穰一 x 伊住禮次郎

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aM26GeFWCX8

> 2nd Advocacy Seminar: "Building a Future of Working Together: 共に働く未来を創る日本語教育" 

Dear friends,

Tonight, it looks like Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki won't be uploading a new video. But just like what I've said in the other classes, we do have plenty from YouTube, as well as from Apple's podcasts, which I was only able to take a look at awhile ago after tuning in on Mr. ITO, Joichi's latest podcast where I found his use of the words, "odougu" and "dougu," amusing, because they reminded me of "god dog" and ordinary "dog" respectively.

With regard to the video that I'll be talking about for tonight, it's actually from the Japan Foundation, Manila. Here they share with us that Filipinos account for the third largest group of foreign workers in Japan. The first is from China, while the second is from Vietnam. In addition, the biggest problem that foreign workers have is that they cannot speak the Japanese language. This is why we learn that it is vital that there are teachers with a high level of proficiency in the language teaching in schools. Moreover, other than the language, workers in Japan should be able to apply the language in their workplaces and respective communities, so that they can integrate well with the Japanese people.

This is all. 

Thank you, and good night!

Regards,

Mike 

