# https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1PbSg4emy7cutube.com/watch?v=e3uUhW08urQ

> F .I .R.E.には色々種類がある！４つ（＋１つ）のF .I .R.E.まとめ｜岡本吉起塾Ch 

Hello, this evening, we're going to do more of our English practices. Tonight, we do have a new video from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki.

This time, he shares with the various types of F.I.R.E. Actually, he also explains in this video that there are several ways to achive F.I.R.E. status.

For example, a person could earn a huge amount of money like winning the lottery, and then using the profits from the interest in the huge amount to live his daily life. In this case, Mr. OKAMOTO says that 25x the usual amount would suffice. So from 100 million yen, the person should have 25 times this amount to live off its interest earnings.

Another way a person can achieve F.I.R.E. status, according to Mr. OKAMOTO, is to have a business of some kind and receive money from the business without having the need to work there at all.

Now with regard to the types of F.I.R.E., I've focused on the one about the Barista F.I.R.E. in the other classes, because I thought it was interesting. In this type of F.I.R.E., a person works at Starbucks which pays him income and also takes care of his health insurance, etc. So the person wouldn't need to worry about these things in the future. I think from what I understand, Starbucks does this even for part-timers. And Mr. OKAMOTO says that it's a true story.

However, he disagrees that this type is really F.I.R.E., unless the person chooses to work at Starbucks, because that's what he wants to do, and not because he is in-need of money or something to prepare him for the future.

This is all for now. Thank you.
