# https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sXOGE0SRCnM

> モンスターハンターNOW 実況 Part 26｜【３画面マルチプレイ】討伐激ムズモンスターに挑戦するで！② 

Hello, this evening, we're going to practice the English language. Tonight, Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki's new video is again about the Monster Hunter Now game. 

I was saying in the other classes that I think we've seen this sort of video before as well, but maybe instead of the combat, Mr. OKAMOTO wanted to show us that we can form collaborations with other YouTubers or people we may want to work with, because in this video, we can hear Mr. MASAMI and Ms. ASAMI speaking.

It looks like they've been playing the game for awhile now, because they seem to have a fair amount of idea on the game, especially the part about the rewards. Later on, we hear Ms. ASAMI reading messages that were likely sent via some kind of chat service, so the voice is Ms. ASAMI's, but the content is from another person.

Over two years ago, we've also encountered this sort of technique, where people were reading messages out-loud. I think the reason was that it was supposed to make things a lot harder to identify who was making the noise.

Of course, if we let the noise-maker continue on, we'll be able to identify that there is indeed noise, and also who is making the noise.

However, the problem persits, because I think the population continues to grow that more and more problems are created by people who are in-need of money and there are too many of these problems to be solved by those accountable.

The solution is really to get the population to go down. Otherwise, when there are more people in-need of money and don't learn from schools, cheaply solvable problems begin to cost much more than they should.

Example, stop drinking softdrinks, smoking cigarretes, to reduce the risk of diabetes and lung disease, which lead to being in-need of money at an earlier age. And when there's no more money, how to survive? Steal, scam people, etc.

This is all for now. Thank you. 
