https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=USc6H4Lv524

> Riding a camel in the desert for the first time in my life! 【Vlog in UAE②】 

https://www.youtube.com/shorts/vNCRp1qfun4

> 本が出ます！！ #shorts #勉強 

Hello, this evening, we're going to again practice the English language. Tonight, we don't yet have a new video from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki, and I think he'd want us to check out the other videos too, for instance, the new video from Mr. TOKIDO who shares with us his experience in UAE.

In the video, we can see how Mr. TOKIDO help spread to the world the idea that is eSports. We know that Mr. OKAMOTO is still very much into eSports as well as CAPCOM, which we know is promoting Street Fighter VI through eSports athletes like Mr. TOKIDO. 

I was saying in the other classes that I've recently discovered Mr. Haichi's YouTube channel after reading about him on Asahi Shimbun. I wanted to know how YouTubers made money and upon visiting his channel I found that he already has 2 million+ subscribers. Later on, I found that he's selling books on Amazon.com at over 1000 yen apiece, and it was then that I remembered Mr. OKAMOTO.

I thought after connecting these observations that Mr. OKAMOTO must be helping Mr. TOKIDO, Mr. Haichi, among others financially, because we can learn about the stories of Mr. TOKIDO and Mr. Haichi growing up, especially the part where they were bullied. I think Mr. OKAMOTO relates to them too in a way, because he has said that he has been bullied as well, especially during the time when he began work at Konami.

Of course, years later, we can find Mr. OKAMOTO helping out people from Konami as well, which means that after accumulating a huge amount of wealth, he's been sharing portions of it to people who relates well to, or feels in-need of his support, that is to say, could use some kind of uplifting in life.

OK. This is all for now. Thank you.
