https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8HDsbJNR8w

>  【ウクライナ侵攻】アメリカが、米製長距離ミサイルを使ったロシア領内攻撃をウクライナに許可した件｜岡本吉起塾Ch 

Hello, this evening, we're going to again practice the English language. Tonight, we do have a new video from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki who shares with us the news that America has given Ukraine permission to use their America-made missiles against Russia and within Russian territory. 

Mr. OKAMOTO says that for a long while America had not given any such permission, but it looks like since the coming of North Korea into the war, America was pushed to give Ukraine the said go-signal.

In addition, Mr. OKAMOTO tells us that if China joins in the war, we may really have the third world war, which sounds frightening when we think about it. At this part, I did thought about one of the things that would get people to buy products, because I've been wondering how businesses could sell so many of their products if people didn't have a compelling reason why they'd buy those things in the first place. It appeared to me that the number of customers who'd buy would be much to speak of, or there won't be enough to get the business running and making profits sustainably and for a long time.

So if there's available stock of missiles, then war seems to be a compelling enough reason to use them and if there aren't more in-stock, then to buy more of them. It is in this sense that patients would come and buy medicine, because there's a compelling reason for them to do so, that is, to have them face their own mortality. If so much of their money can't be transferred to wherever it is they're going when they die, then they might as well use the money for their own healthcare treatment.

Finally, Mr. OKAMOTO expresses his hope that Mr. Putin would be able to shake hands with all the nations of the world, and waving to them, among others as a way to uphold peace throughout the world, but Mr. OKAMOTO believes that Mr. PUTIN would not do what is contrary to what he does and what he has been doing.

This is all for now. Thank you, and good night.
