# https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KD9sbflSTFU

> 云端的 Java：用 Azure 转换开发 | Post Microsoft Ignite in Beijing [3] 

# https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccB909vwOww

> 国庆群众大会2024 黄循财总理华语演讲 
 
Hello, this evening, we're going to again practice the English language. Tonight, we don't yet have a new video from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki, but we do have several videos that I've watched or have wanted to watch.

Perhaps, Mr. OKAMOTO opted to rest today, because we do know that today is Sunday, or he could be doing another task related to his occupation or something of the sort.

Now, in the other classes, I've been sharing the new video from Microsoft Ignite where he can hear Chinese Mandarin being used to explain Azure and Java, these technologies. I thought that the presenter is from Beijing based on his accent, and also because the title of the video says that the presentation is set to be in Beijing as well, or what I mean is that it was held in Beijing.

I thought that this sort of video is useful especially for language learners who may want to know if they can understand the language in this context and when it's used at work.

In addition, I remembered New York after catching some of the words that sounded Beijing-accent from the speaker. Maybe it was because I've met people from China who've gone to New York for work, such as, for example, as a tourist guide.

In Japanese class, I also added that I've been viewing videos from zaobaosg, where I was able to hear the speech from the current Prime Minster of Singapore, Mr. Lawrence WONG four months ago, says the video's description. I thought that he spoke just like some of our diligent classmates and teachers at our school in San Juan, Greenhills, many years ago. It appears that the school I went to, which is Xavier School, was using Singapore schools as a model. I say this too, because I don't seem to have heard such way of speaking in speeches or presentations from China, particularly, Mainland China.

OK. This is all for now. Thank you, and have a great evening. 
