## https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJhH-ZhInxg

> 1/10 weekly gm ライブ配信（ゲスト: 船橋FC & IndieSquare） | 伊藤穰一 

Hello, this evening, we're going to again practice the English language. Tonight, we don't seem to have a new video from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki yet. Perhaps, we opted to do another task, or I think I was saying in the other classes that maybe he wanted us to talk about another video.

So I instead spoke about the new video from Mr. ITO, Joi-ichi who held a meeting online this morning. We learn that folks in the U.S. appear optimistic about digital currencies, because the U.S. administration is actively working on getting these things used by more people.

Meanwhile, Mr. ITO has been going to Bhutan where he and his team, along with the people of Bhutan, could create a community who can make use of digital currencies to the fullest, because regulations are already in-place, much better than in other countries where there are criminal organizations that caused the collapse of some of the digital currencies in the past few years. He also added that Bhutan is already using green technology that substantially reduce pollution.

In Spanish class, I also shared the part in the meeting where Funabashi Sports Club et al. were explaining their objective of using NFT and such technologies to get people to contribute to improving the city. Mr. KOMUGI noted that it has been a pattern for big businesses to purchase sports clubs which in turn get people in the city to gain a sense of camaraderie (community) by actively participating in building and improving the city so that it's more conducive and welcoming for people who already live there. Therefore, the NFTs are supposed to encourage more people to be aware of what's available in the city and participate in community events, etc.

This is all for now. Thank you.
