https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lUJr3YHrwu4

> ゲームプロデューサー岡本吉起のYouTubeライブ(2025/01/24) 

Hello, this evening, we're going to again practice the English language. Tonight, Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki's new video, which is a LIVE video, is about his life, especially during the time when he didn't have a lot of money.

He says that there are two instances in his life when this occurred.

The first time was when he was studying at a vocational school in Osaka. At his hometown in Ainancho, which is located in the island of Shikoku, he ate sausages which were color red; however, when he left his hometown and arrive in Osaka, he only ate rice with egg, and some simple topping like mayonnaise. 

He also shares with us that one time, his teacher invited him to eat out at a coffee shop. His teacher order coffee, but Mr. OKAMOTO thought that he'd rather eat something with rice. This is perhaps because if he ordered coffee, he wouldn't have enough money left to buy something that is not a snack.

The second time this problem without money occurred was when he was the CEO of his own company, which was Game Republic. After becoming succcessful at CAPCOM, he decided to establish his own company, but at 50 years old, the company lost so much money that Mr. OKAMOTO became poor again. But he says that it wasn't like he was in poverty, because he could still buy food and even clothes at 300 yen apiece in a flee market in Tokyo. At the time, he was eating rice with egg in the morning, then yakisoba for lunch, and then rice with green tea (x; fried rice) for dinner.

Recently, he says that when he and Tapi-san go out, they could have a meal costing 1000 yen and it would be enough for both of them living in Malaysia.

This is all for now. Thank you and have a great evening as well!
