https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lajNUULj0hM

> 強化合宿に参加した猛者ハンターと星10モンスター狩ってくで！｜モンスターハンターNOW 実況 Part 31

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_iyVMjPsbg

> Yael Yuzon on SPONGE COLA, finding a new drummer, and how K-Dramas influence his songwriting | EP. 9 

Hello, this evening, we have again plenty of videos from YouTube.

Tonight, Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki's new video is about Monster Hunter Now. We know that he and his team would at times hold events for players of the game, so that they could all meet up and have fun together. Of course, we also know that the players would usually be investors of the game, although Mr. OKAMOTO et al. would also give free tickets to those who've expressed interest. This is done through some form of lottery.

In the video, we again see more varieties of monsters, and each of which would have their own set of movements and attacks. If we look at the last part of the video, we'd find that a companion of Mr. OKAMOTO had jumped and since the UI of the MHN had the color orange and shapes like the circle, I was reminded of Dragonball. However, we could also hear in an earlier part of the video that Mr. OKAMOTO didn't like it when the monster would jump up in the air to fly and then attack. This is likely because it made things a lot harder for Mr. OKAMOTO to win.

Still, putting these observations together, it is perhaps true that Mr. OKAMOTO and his team are working on a new fighting game that uses elements from MHN.

Finally, before we end, I'd like to share with you the new video from our friend, Chris. In his new video, we can learn more about the story that he and his friend, Yael, has, especially with regard to their band, Sponge Cola, which folks who were also at university in the 2000s may be able to remember. While I haven't finished watching their video, I think the interview lets us know more about the people that Chris interacted with at the time, espcially Yael and the story behind the creation of Sponge Cola, among others.

This is all for now. Thank you. Have a great evening.
