https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jd84d7Fo1kw

> ついに鬼武者シリーズ最新作が発表されたで！ 

Hello, this evening, we're going to talk about the new video from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki. In his new video, we learn about the new Onimusha that's been announced and is to be released next year.

According to Mr. OKAMOTO, it's unlikely that Mr. INAFUNE will be the director again for this upcoming game, but Mr. OKAMOTO explains to us that at times having a new director isn't so bad, because the guys who've been working on the game could now do things that they couldn't, because the director didn't let them.

In addition, Mr. OKAMOTO shares with us that Bio Hazard (Resident Evil) was a game that was designed for the protagonist to be constantly escaping; however, in the case of Onimusha, the protagonist has to constantly chase a slice the demons that inhabit its world.

With regard to this aspect, Mr. OKAMOTO does have a few comments to improve Onimusha. For example, he says that when the protagonist has finally gotten his katana to become much stronger, when he goes to the demon world, he finds that his katana isn't still enough to easily cut away the demons. Mr. OKAMOTO prefers that it would be better that the protagonist and his katana started weak, and then became stronger once they reached the demon world.

Mr. OKAMOTO adds that of course he has plenty of ideas with regard to Onimusha, but there will be another person leading the team at CAPCOM, and we may consider his comments as things that an old guy who worked as producer at CAPCOM would say.

This is all for now. Thanks and have a great evening!
