## https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OoifZKPq5XA; last accessed: 20250107

>  神谷英樹さん新会社設立と完全新作「大神」プロジェクト始動のニュースについて

## https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GtLRfES1YQU

>  “New VIRTUA FIGHTER Project” pre-development concept video 

Helo, this evening, we're going to practice again the English language. Tonight, we do have a new video from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki who shares with us news about the new project of Mr. KAMIYA, Hideki whom we know to have worked on several famous titles like Devil May Cry, Bio Hazard 2, and, of course, Okami. 

This time, Mr. KAMIYA is again working on a new Okami which, I think, based on the video, Mr. OKAMOTO is very pleased about, similar to the impression we got when Mr. OKAMOTO first introduced the Monster Hunter Now game after 2 or so years.

The other thing that I pointed out in the other classes was the background graphic that we can see in this new video of Mr. OKAMOTO. I thought that it was only graphically created using some kind of software, but later on, I thought that Mr. OKAMOTO must really be somewhere outside, likely in another country and not in Malaysia anymore. I say this, because I saw that the background, the leaves of the trees there moved, and there's also shadow where Mr. OKAMOTO was being filmed.

Speaking of background, I also shared in the other classes the new announcement from Virtua Fighter, which shows a slum area that I thought was based on a slum area here in the Philippines. We know that there are people who come to the city to live near the hospitals and the train stations, because they don't have their own houses inside the city and without money, they simply build makeshift houses like what we can see in the video from the Virtua Fighter channel.

In Spanish and Japanese class, I emphasized that the problem also continued on or became worse, because the inhabitants bore more children. Later on, we find that their numbers have increased so much that they have obtained considerable voting power during elections where they'd demand things like money now, give us money right away and give us this place where we are already have our houses, our makeshift houses.

This is all for now. Thank you.
