https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ddIx8k-OmA

> モンスターハンターNOW 実況 Part 30｜イビルガンランス９−５で★８緊急クエ攻略してくで！ 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFV-b_fr6lU

>  #48 老舗道具商が語る伝統と革新：時代を超えて受け継がれる美意識とは｜伊藤穰一 x 戸田貴士（谷松屋戸田商店） 

Hello, this evening, we're going to again practice the English language. Tonight, we do have many videos from YouTube, and I've been focusing on the new video from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki as well as the video-podcast from Mr. ITO, Joi-ichi in Japanese class.

Now, with regard to Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki's new video, we find him playing Monster Hunter Now by himself, and he's telling us that he's using a new weapon for "middle range" attacks. This is why, we can see him coming a little closer to where the monsters are and then doing a side-step when the monsters come and launch an attack.

In the video, we also see that there are many more types of monsters that could attack and create various effects that we've never seen in the earlier videos. For example, an attack that creates some kind of hindrance in our view, so that it becomes difficult to know what is currently happening. Another example is a monster that could rotate itself and do a rolling kind of attack which appeared slow-moving, but could still likely be sped up to increase the difficulty.

Going to the new video-podcast from Mr. ITO, Joichi, we can learn something about the Sado or the Tea Ceremony where a question was raised about whether there's something being conveyed during the act of preparing the tea. I think there was a time when I also asked this question to Ms. Hanna Zulueta when I was still at the Ateneo de Manila University about 10 years ago. Now the answer was that by doing the Tea Ceremony over and over again, we get better at it, and we can begin to adjust our way of doing it to adapt to our audience. For instance, there are those who find a certain way of movement cool and maybe enchanting, so the master would then adjust to suit that type of audience. 

This is all for now. Thank you.
