https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oPkR53BTLNM

> 1/31 weekly gm ライブ配信（ゲスト: ハウス食品グループ） | 伊藤穰一

Hello, this evening, we don't yet have a new video from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki, but just like what I've said in the other classes, we do have plenty of other videos from YouTube, although what I've focused on was the ZOOM meeting from Mr. ITO, Joi-ichi this morning.

In this video, we can learn about the company House, whose logo may look familiar, especially those who've eaten curry (and maybe hayashi rice) in Japan too. The presenter is Mr. TAKAHASHI, Ryosuke who explains to us what their company is and what they've been doing to get more people to buy their products and avail of their services. 

After the presentation, Mr. Komugi asked Mr. TAKAHASHI regarding the idea that if the curry that is sold in Japan and is favored by Japanese people, because it's been transformed into the Japanese curry that is suitable in Japan, how would their company get more people to buy the product if they're in other countries and have a different type of culture from Japan? The reply was that they're going to use WEB3.0 technology, which uses blockchain, among others, according to their presentation. 

However, perhaps, it wasn't clear enough how the technology would applied, so in the video's description, we can find a phrase that says that their CURRY PASSPORT app is using WEB3.0 tech.

The CURRY PASSPORT is a way for customers to learn more about their company, products and services, but in addition it awards points which could be used to receive discounts and products like their curry.

This is all for now. Thank you. And a good evening to all!
