https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t9EYu1esI8Y

>  Switch2年内発売のニュースをチェック！ゲームプロデューサー岡本吉起のYouTubeライブ(25/01/17) 

Hello, this evening, we're going to again practice the English language. Tonight, we do have a new video from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki, and it's actually a LIVE YouTube video, which is about the new Switch2 coming out this year.

I was looking at what I wrote for Spanish and Chinese class and I found that the things that I focused on were different, so maybe those who can speak both languages would find more information by combining them both. Meanwhile, in Japanese class, I focused on how Nintendo runs its business, which touched on some aspects that I've shared in the two earlier classes.

For English class, I think we can go into the idea that Nintendo's new console will be able to play games from the 1st generation Switch. Given that the Switch2 will be available for people to try out as early as April, Mr. OKAMOTO believes that Nintendo is quite confident about their new console. This is since the release date would be in December, Nintendo only has a few months to fix any problems that people would have with the console.

In this regard, Mr. OKAMOTO shared several points worth taking into consideration to improve the Switch2. First, he thinks that the stand to hold the console up when put on a table, so that children could play with it like having a monitor in-front, looks like it isn't strong enough and would break easily. Second, he finds the screen to be too big, preferring something like the Steam Deck.

Of course, Mr. OKAMOTO assures us that he's still going to buy the Switch2 even though he also thinks that it's rather expensive at 50,000 yen, especially when compared with the PS5 Pro, which he bought to play Monster Hunter Wilds.

Meanwhile, he adds that he's still kept Nintendo stocks up to this day.

This is all for now. Thank you, and have a great evening!
