https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V0OjzpkPRBo

> 総額254億円を宝塚市に寄付した『岡本さん』の経歴が凄すぎる！｜岡本吉起塾Ch

Hello, this evening, we again have plenty of videos from YouTube. It could be because today is Friday. 

In the other classes, I've been focusing on the new video from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki who tells us the story of "Mr. OKAMOTO," a person who has the same surname as Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki. "Mr. OKAMOTO" is said to have donated a total of 25.4 billion yen to the city of TAKARAZUKA.

Now what we want to know next is what was his work. Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki explains to us that "Mr. OKAMOTO" founded a company called "KEYENCE CORPORATION" which developed and sold various apparatus, which include measuring devices as well as microscopes. Mr. OKAMOTO says that the company focused on creating new and innovative products which occupy approx. 70% of their efforts as a company.

Data show that the employees of KEYENCE receive the highest annual salary in all of Japan, amounting to 10 million yen per year. There's also news that a person is getting a billion yen from only the dividends. 

As for "Mr. OKAMOTO," the founder, he has kept 1% of the company, and has donated a portion of his money to a city like TAKARAZUKA.

Finally, Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki admits that all this information may appear to be only hearsay, but after doing the math, it seemed to him that this story isn't completely false. He also adds that he hopes to be able to make such a huge donation in the future, although he'd need to strive harder and work some more to achieve to goal.

This is all. Thank you. Good night!

P.S.

This piece of news from PTV Philippines just came in. 1.4 billion pesos of suspected smuggled luxury vehicles have been caught by the Bureau of Customs in warehouses in Pasay and Parañaque Cities.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brbQk44GEfE

> Nasa P1.4-B halaga ng hinihinalang smuggled luxury cars, nabisto ng BOC sa ilang warehouse... 
