https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKthdDJOXkc 

> 【★10マガマガ】猛者ハンターと組んで激ムズ星10モンスターに挑戦｜モンスターハンターNOW 実況 Part 32 

Hello, this evening, our new video from Mr. 
OKAMOTO, Yoshiki is about the Monster Hunter NOW 
game. This time, Mr. OKAMOTO is hunting the 
10-starred monster named, "MAGAIMAGADO." However, I 
do want to clarify too that Mr. OKAMOTO isn't by 
himself fighting this monster, because his 
companions are also there with him in the fight. Actually, MAGAIMAGADO appears to be too strong for them, because they couldn't win against it even after several encounters.

In the other classes, I was saying that watching the video made me remember several things like, for instance, other games, toys from childhood and also the little cat who lives inside the house compound.

When I said "other games," I mean, for example, Dragonball, because of the interface with the orange ball and also Armored Core, because of the explosion animation which looked similar, if not exactly the same as the one used in AC. 

As for the toys from childhood, I think ZOIDS would come to mind, especially after seeing the shape of the MAGAIMAGADO monster. More specifically, it reminded me of the sabertooth tiger ZOIDS robot, which many people also likely wanted when they were children.

Finally, the movement of MAGAIMADO in the last part of the video made me think of the household cat, and I thought that perhaps that part could get those people who'd want to have a friend at their side and whom they'd feed and so on and so forth.

This is all for now. Thank you, and good night!
