https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6db_b_LzvzU

> 【星9希少種連続狩り】金竜さん銀竜さんレア６素材落としてくれー！｜モンスターハンターNOW 実況 Part 43 

https://www.eurogamer.es/analisis-de-monster-hunter-wilds-mas-grande-y-ambicioso-pero-tambien-menos-monster-hunter

> Análisis de Monster Hunter Wilds - Más grande y ambicioso, pero también menos Monster Hunter

Hello,

This evening, we have another Monster Hunter Now gameplay video from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki. It's quite a long video at almost 30 minutes and I think most people would also want to know what we can find in this new release for today.

I was saying in the other classes that we can see that Mr. OKAMOTO is showing us that there are other weapons that exist in MHN and which we can try out too. This is why, we can see him using a sword, which he generally doesn't use, as well as a type of machine gun that one of his companions used to shoot the giant monsters.

In addition, I shared that I was reminded of the new article from eurogamerspain, where we can learn about their analysis on another Monster Hunter game, which is the MH Wilds. What we can quickly understand from what Paula explained is that MH Wilds has been designed so that new players can try it out and be among the many MH fans out there. However, since the game provides so much explanation and text, fans of the series may feel that there are too many of these unncessary things.

Finally, I also added the Game Gear game from the 90's called "Shinobi II." This was a game that my siblings and I had decades ago, because we didn't have the first generation Game Boy, but we did have the Game Gear. I think that perhaps not many people may know this game, because it moves much slower than other games during that time and its world feels like a puzzle. I know that there are people who say that whatever I like won't sell, so they ought to do the complete opposite, but I highly recommend it to anyone who may be even remotely curious. Also, the game did somehow remind me of the movie, "Incepcion," if that means anything. In the end, the puzzles appear solvable to me, but need time.

This is all. Thank you. Good night!

Health,

Mike
