https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZA6nUYYMPI
 
> 【検証】イビルガンランス武器10−5完成！9−5で攻略失敗した★８緊急クエはクリアできるか？｜モンスターハンターNOW 実況 Part 41

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umGihcx6QJM

> Morning Match with Punk! Dinner with Hayao, Talking 3rd Strike & His FG Mimicry! 【Vlog in LA④】

Hello,

This evening we again have many videos from YouTube. Today is already Thursday, and in the other classes, I was sharing that we do also have some slight precipitation going on outside, other than the usual annoying noise that amazes me why there are people who claim that they don't hear it. I remember writing a report to the Barangay (the Barrio) and the Police, among others, that those people who claim that they don't hear these annoying sounds ought to be investigated. We know that there are people who don't want to tell the truth, because they wish to hide something or someone whom they know has committed a crime of some sort like theft. And because they belong to their relatives or group of friends, they don't want to be the one who reported that person. 

Next, we do have a new video from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki this evening. Here, he shares with us gameplay footages of Monster Hunter NOW. We see him by himself, and without any of his companions, fighting the monsters. He says that previously, he couldn't win against these monsters, but this time, he could capture them with ease. These are eight-starred monsters with wings and can at times fly when making an attack.

The other video that I wanted to share is this one from Mr. TOKIDO who interviews PUNK and Mr. HAYAO. We recognize PUNK, because he won one of the Street Fighter tournaments fairly recently, after joining the tournaments for several years. Meanwhile, Mr. HAYAO in this video is eating with Mr. TOKIDO and sharing with us their experiences when they were playing at the arcades.

Mr. HAYAO says that at the time, if you couldn't win at the arcades, nobody would notice you. This reminded me of the story told by Bill GATES in his new book, "Source Code," where he was sharing how winning games helped increase the person's standing in their household. 

Of course, there are many more things that we can learn from their video and Bill's memoir, but I need to stop here for now. Thank you. Good night!

Health,

Mike
