https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejytDOlDc1Q

> 【危機到来か】太陽が”極大期”に入ると地球はどうなる？GPSや無線通信に障害が発生するリスクを語る｜岡本吉起塾Ch

https://www.youtube.com/@upmsilab

Good evening.

Tonight, our new video from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki is about his observation that certain technologies like the GPS and wireless telecommunication equipment haven't been functioning as they should, becoming even a health hazard. Mr. OKAMOTO explains that it could be because the sun is entering this "Extreme Phase," which occurs only about every decade and lasts for a year. This is also why, he says, the aurora can be seen more often, like in Hokkaido according to news reports.

He adds that in Japan, people live life with a sense of safety unlike in other countries that they are shocked when there are news reports about incidents that they don't expect could occur. These are things that happen especially in other countries outside Japan.

Since Mr. OKAMOTO is living in Malaysia, he tells us that he's gotten more conscious of being on-guard, such as when he's driving on the road, because there are drivers who don't obey the traffic lights.

This is all for now. Thank you. Good night.

p.s.

I attended a Zoom meeting with the folks at the University of the Philippines-Manila SILab this afternoon. What I'd like to share with you all is the idea that our data, for example, our healthcare information can be used to determine how much money we have. Therefore, any disease that a person may have could be used to know the financial siutation of that person. This is why, when there's a lesser sense of safety and security among the population, because the majority are in-need of money, we can expect cyber-related crimes to occur.
