https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2B107UwhWxw
 
> 【ゲーム株の期待値】新作リリースしたゲーム会社の株価これからどうなる？（ポケポケDeNA株/コロプラ株）｜岡本吉起塾Ch

https://www.youtube.com/cnainsider

Hello,

This evening, our new video from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki is about the KOPURA company which, he says, is currently working on a new game that uses characters from its several anime.

Mr. OKAMOTO believes that if we invest in the company right now, we can get 2, 3 times the money that we've invested. He explains that companies like NVIDIA could make 10 times more in the value of its stocks, because there was a time when they were really in financial trouble and were on the brink of banckruptcy. However, with the case of KOPURA, the company is much more stable, and so the return for the lesser risk is also lower, yet still considerably higher than in other places.

Therefore, Mr. OKAMOTO recommends that those who have extra money to invest in KOPURA.

I think that there may be people who'd get the impression that Mr. OKAMOTO is also doing what we've seen in CNA Insider, where a person recommends to another person that she invest in a company or some kind of financial scheme to make money much faster, because that person himself has invested there and can show proof that he's making a lot of money quickly. Later on, we find that the investment turns out to be a scam.

As with what I've shared in the other classes, we need to clearly understand how the company or financial scheme is making money such that the return of our investment could go so high, and not only focus on the huge return that we'd expect to get.

This is all. Thank you. Good night!
