https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqJY2QPCNEA

> ラスボス級モンスター星10ジンオウガ狩猟｜モンスターハンターNOW 実況 Part 34

http://store.usbong.ph/server/usbongBalita.php/N6

> 公积金利率 钱生钱的窍门 | 新加坡人的一桶金——公积金 

Hello, this evening, Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki's new video is about gameplay footages of Monter Hunter NOW, where we see Mr. OKAMOTO and his companions fighting one of the tough monsters in the MHN universe. And we know it's one of the stronger types, because it's 10-starred and Mr. OKAMOTO and his companions couldn't capture it as easily as with the other monsters.

Now, I was also saying in the other classes that I found the video rather short, and I was thinking of the reason why it felt like that, and I thought that maybe it was because I had seen something like it before already, or perhaps it was because I was also thinking about something else, like what I did this afternoon when I went out to make my monthly payments.

Mr. OKAMOTO's video shows us that he again chose a mid-range type of weapon which let him attack the monster without having to go near it too much. Also, we could see the explosion effects and some of the lighting techniques that they use, which I thought were things that developers added especially during the time when 3D-processing became much easier to do, especially to do transparency and gradients in the images.

Next, I was saying something about what I did this afternoon, and, in fact, I went out to pay my monthly bills which include the SSS (the government social security). I found that the amount I'm paying is already similar if not already higher than what I pay for a private insurance. And all in all, I'm paying already about 30% of my income on these things. I think it's a way to get workers to save more and to spend less. However, I think that I saved more and allocated more money in a mix of private and public investments prior to this, but at the time, my income was also much higher.

The other thing that I'd like to add is that paying for a private insurance shouldn't be too far-fetched, especially if the person has already been paying for his child's education fund. So the idea that a person puts a portion of his income into these funds should well have been ingrained in him once his child graduates from high school, because it usually takes 10 years to complete the payment.

This is all for now. Thank you, and good night.
