https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_aZmwKkcirE

> 皆さん「VF Direct」は見た？3D格ゲーとバーチャの歴史を振り返りながら新作の注目ポイントをお話しします 

Hello, this evening, Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki's new video is about the completely new Virtua Fighter that Sega is developing, and some of the things that Mr. OKAMOTO can still remember whenever we talk about VF.

In particular, he recalls that during the time when he was at Capcom, VF was unique in that in addition to the 3D movements of its characters, it had a component in its gameplay that let players win even if it appeared that they were already losing. 

He says that this was not something that could happen frequently, if at all, in SF2, because the introduction of the "ringout" component enabled a complete turn-around in the outcome of a fight.

In addition, he adds that by the time SFIII came out, there was the fight between UMEHARA and Justin WONG that showed viewers that even if UMEHARA was already losing, he could still win the fight.

Mr. OKAMOTO also shares with us that while Sega owned plenty of game centers (arcades), they didn't anymore put Virtua Fighter in them, because the series of games that came out didn't have the right balance in the character roster. This aspect proved to be time consuming. Nevertheless, Sega decided to include VF 5 in an eSports tournament, where as expected it didn't fair as well as the other fighting games.

Finally, Mr. OKAMOTO explains that VF was originally designed to create movement that can be called "real." And he hopes that the new VF could really be put together with SF and Tekken.

This is all. Thank you. Good night!
