https://www.usbong.ph/

Hello, this evening, we don't yet have a new video from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki. Perhaps, it's because today is Sunday and he wanted to rest. 

In the other classes, I've shared several of the things that have caught my attention, but I noticed that each class had a different topic.

For example, in Spanish class, something about mba.com, then in Chinese class, an interview on longevity from Zaobao SG, and in Japanese class, YT's feed history.

So for English class, what are we going to talk about? 

I think we can start off with the weather. Today, I thought that we had a sunny afternoon, because when I looked up at the sky, there weren't too many clouds, and I thought of going out for a walk. This was around 15:00, and I remembered that I needed to water the plants at the office and clean the floor. So that was what I did.

It was in August 2022 when I last had a face-to-face Japanese class at the office, and I hardly use it anymore. I think it's also because people have been dumping stuff, like an excess table, exercise equipment, among others, such that the office has gradually accumulated more of the things that should be put somewhere else. Moreover, there was a time when a typhoon came and made a leak from the roof. That was something that I already foresaw and had already requested to be fixd, but the problem reappears when there's heavy rainfall.

Still, I make time to clean the office, even though I'm usually out on the field, that is to say, in the clinic downstairs.

This is all for now. Thank you, and have a great evening!
