https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EsO63XoogN0

> イビルジョーだらけの大連続タワー狩猟に挑戦した結果…｜モンスターハンターNOW 実況 Part 42

Hello,

This evening, we have a new video from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki. Actually, it's a video that he launched yesterday, and it's about the Monster Hunter NOW game.

In this video, we find Mr. OKAMOTO with his companions hunting "EVILJOE," one of the monsters that inhabit the Monster Hunter NOW world. In addition, we can observe that EVILJOE at the start only had 5 stars, but this later increased to 8 and even 9. To be honest, I haven't seen the whole video, only perhaps until the middle part. Still, I think that we can get the impression of what Mr. OKAMOTO and his team want to convey in terms of what players can do in the game, such as create characters with a variety of weapons and clothing. I thought that this 3D modeling component is something that can be easily done without the tools and the know-how. I understand that companies that have created the animation sequences for certain movements could reuse these same things with another 3D model, meaning that development time should be much faster and its cost lower.

In the other classes, I also added something about Crysis, because I found that there are things that we can learn beforehand using a simulation of a battlefield set in this case in a fictional jungle located in the Philippines. For example, at times, we may discover that the stationary machine gun can only rotate to a certain direction, which means that the machine couldn't rotate to where we want it to go, leading to death of the soldier, or something like that. 

This is all. Thank you. Good night!

Health,

Mike
