https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z84NQHAQmck

> 私事ですがご報告（株の話）

Hello,

This evening, Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki has uploaded two videos for us to see. I've only seen one, and it's about his current corporate stocks situation.

He says that last year he sold all his stocks in NVIDIA, S&P500 and VANGUARD, earning him 2 billion yen. He explains that he sold his stocks, because of the news reports telling us about U.S. President Trump's tariff regulations, the situation in the Middle East and Ukraine. In addition, experts and even ordinary people were all saying that the stocks would continue to rise. This he felt was a little strange and suspicious for him, so he sold his stocks.

Now regarding the money that he earned from selling his stocks, Mr. OKAMOTO tells us that he has put the money into security bonds issued by the Japanese government. While these are foreseen to grow by 5%, markedly less than in corporate stocks, he thought that this would be wiser than using Japanese yen to buy U.S. dollars and then buy Japanese yen again. He says that he doesn't expect to profit from this type of foreign exchange.

This is all. Thank you. Good night!

Health,

Mike

p.s. Today, I took some time off from work and went to the Nihongo Fiesta 2025 at Shangri-la Plaza Mall. I met people whom I've only seen on YouTube, among others, and I thought that there is definitely a difference between the actual and the virtual. In addition, I wondered about the pronunciation of the Japanese language by Filipinos as well as the pronunciation of the Filipino language by Japanese people. Of course, there are many more things to share about the event, but I'll need to stop here for now. Thank you always.
