https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7VIVP2XgQac

> タマミツネ素材足りないフレンドにご褒美を授けます❤️｜モンスターハンターNOW 実況 Part 39 
 
Good evening!

Tonight, our new video from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki is about Monster Hunter NOW. He shows us several gameplay footages of battles that he and his team fought to capture several monsters that inhabit the world of MHN. In addition, these monsters have been classifed as nine-starred creatures, meaning that they're less of a challenge in terms of difficulty than the 10-starred ones.

However, we find that one of these monsters began to attack wildly at Mr. OKAMOTO's team when it's remaining strength was down to almost nil. Mr. OKAMOTO and his team almost didn't capture it due to the available time, but in the end, were able to do so successfully.

The other thing that I'd wanted to add is the idea that there'll come a point when we'll ask why we're putting so much of our time and effort in something like MHN. What we can understand is that for certain people, it's a way to meet others who are like-minded or have similar interests. This is why, Mr. OKAMOTO has been active in creating a community around MHN, in particular.

However, we do know that finding one's life partner through something like MHN can be challenging, especially when both the male and the female don't want to give up their current lifestyle, for instance, being a YouTuber.

In Spanish class, I was also sharing that finding one's partner may be better than from among the person's classmates at university, because whoever that classmate may be, she'd likely be in the same economic standing and would have a lifestyle similar to yours. 

Moreover, after university, while there are still opportunities available out there, there are so many incidents of fraud where criminals use fake accounts that the risk goes up much higher.

This is all for now. Thank you. Good night!
