https://www.youtube.com/shorts/Hc-zvCKQLyM

> 任天堂株、ロングホールドしてるの？？#shorts 

> 2022Mar 23

http://store.usbong.ph/server/usbongBalita.php/N5

> Unity cut ties with over 1,700 workers and closed 23 offices in 2024 

> 2024年にユニティ社が1700人超を解雇し、23事業所も閉鎖 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=njmxlLqQ2P4

> Get to know the 16th S R Nathan Fellow Mr Philip Yeo: Neither Civil Nor Servant

Hello,

This evening, Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki has a short video where he tells us that he's selling all of his Nintendo stocks and is buying Unity stocks. When I looked at the video's description, it was dated March 23, 2022. 

The other day, I was reading news articles from GameDeveloper (formerly, Gamasutra) and even translated the one on Unity which had fired over 1700 of its workers in 2024. I thought that this wasn't a new tactic, especially if the company wanted to show that it was still profitable, particularly to its investors. However, it does tell us about the situation in the industry where we find stability to be at the lower end of the spectrum.

Actually, another video that I wanted to share with you all is the interview with Mr. Philip Yeo from the Institute of Policy Studies. What we can learn is that a person with ability could still find work and continue to contribute to society even though he may already be in his senior years of age. In Mr. Philip's case, he serves as the chairman of several companies. 

In fact, I had been looking at the hawker stores in Singapore where older people seem to be able to find a way to continue to work and of course earn income. 

I had been thinking about doing translation work in my later years, but I find that not enough people read anymore. This is true even with printed newspapers, which are subsidized by large companies and wealthy individuals. People who buy them in the streets are mostly passersby who, if there are photographs edited or otherwise of naked or scantly clad females included, wouldn't bother to even look at them. Thus, my current problem of translating news articles without any direct means to profit from them yet. Nevertheless, I still promote the idea that a person who tells the truth is an invaluable resource.

This is all. Thank you. Good night!

Health,

Mike
