https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PS9Vd2PyzCs

> すぐ眠れる最強のリラクゼーション呼吸法【Dr.アンドリュー・ワイル4-7-8呼吸法】｜岡本吉起塾Ch

Hi all,

A good evening to everyone.

Tonight, Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki is sharing with us in his new video something about a breathing technique taught by Dr. Andrew WILE. 

According to Mr. OKAMOTO, it's called 4-7-8, because we first breathe for four seconds, then stop breathing for seven, and finally exhale for eight seconds. Using this technique, we should be able to sleep much more quickly.

In addition, Mr. OKAMOTO tells us that he is Sri Lanka, and it appeared to me that Tapi-san isn't with him, but since his video already have subtitles, it could mean that Tapi-san is actually with him in Sri Lanka, or Mr. OKAMOTO has already returned to Malaysia.

This is all. Thank you, and good night.

Mike

P.S. I was adding in the other classes that here in the Philippines we often hear stories of people who never woke up after having a bad dream. Celebreties who've died in such a manner have been reported in the news as well. Recently, about a month ago, I experienced this incident where I suddenly woke up and couldn't breathe, but perhaps because I'm slim, I was able to breathe again. From analysis, I found that water or saliva accumulated in this part between the tongue and the throat, such that I was trying to get oxygen similar to if I were drowning in a body of water. Also, I think that the breathing problem that I was saying several months ago had a hand in this. When particles from clothing detergent get stuck inside my nose, they become white mucous (snots) that are difficult to get out without squeezing and blowing my nose. As always, there are many more things to share, like an "out of body" experience just after waking up, and which I think is related to being in an awkard sleeping position for a long time, but reminds me of stroke, but I'll need to stop here for now. Thanks!

