https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CBrrRBxeI64

> 岡本吉起YouTubeライブ（25/03/21） 
 
Hello everyone,

A please evening to all of you.

Tonight, we have a LIVE YouTube video from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki who shares with us two main things.

The first is about the new Assassin's Creed, which he says he's already tried, but just like the other entries of the series, he'd stop playing after awhile. He attemps to explain the reason for this, and he cites as example watching movies. He tells us that at times when we pause a movie to do something else, once we get back to it, we'd find that we can't really remember anymore the story. He also gives as example action movies where there may be scenes that we'd think that we could already do in a video game, meaning that they aren't so new or innovative.

The second thing that Mr. OKAMOTO shared with us is that he and Ms. Tapi have again bought several stocks from S&P, for example, TESLA, NVIDIA, GOOGLE and VANGUARD. According to Mr. OKAMOTO and Ms. Tapi the prices of their stocks have gone down so that given the idea that like a wave, we can expect their prices to rise again, they thought that buying the stocks now would be the perfect time.

In the other classes, I was also sharing my observation that here in the Philippines, I haven't met anyone who's stopped working in a usual 9-to-5 type of job and only continuously did stocks investing to pay for his daily living expenses. Perhaps, Mr. OKAMOTO and Ms. Tapi are also using the Japanese government's NISA to do their foreign investments, because Mr. OKAMOTO shared with us that he's relying on four people whom he trusts for this sort of thing.

This is all. Thank you and good night!

Regards,

Mike
