https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XqJ4HBWpdLk

> 【星10攻略】爆鱗竜バゼルギウスの大連続タワーにチャレンジ！｜モンスターハンターNOW 実況 Part 50

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ql-o34177v4

> The surprising math of feeding the world 

Hi all,

A pleasant evening to everyone.

Tonight, we have again plenty of videos from YouTube.

For example, we have a new video from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki who shares with us gameplay footages of he and his team's battles against BAZERUGIUS, which Mr. OKAMOTO says is the monster that they intend to hunt for tonight. We can also see that BAZERUGIUS starts with only 8 stars, but later on becomes 9, and 10 stars. This means that the monster becomes stronger as Mr. OKAMOTO and his team successfully capture it. In addition, we can see that a network synchronization problem can at times occur, such that one teammate has already succeeded in capturing the monster, but the rest are still fighting it. This is a network issue that has existed since decades ago, and what we can see that what the developers have done is to use varying angles and points of views similar to FPS in the 90's to create the sense that no noticeable network-related issues have occurred.

Finally, I'd also want to share with you all the new video from Bill GATES who has sent us a newsletter with a link to the video. It's about how to feed everyone. What we learn is that, of course, numbers are important, and from the data, we find that the world can produce enough food for everyone, except that 40-45% of this is only wasted. Therefore, managing and allocating the produce to minimize, if not completely eliminate, wastage is necessary in solving the problem.

This is all. Thank you. Good night!

Regards,

Mike
