https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8QONwpOCKjk

> [public] Harada vs. Lily Pichu TEKKEN8 Rematch

Hi all,

A pleasant evening to everyone.

Tonight, we have again plenty of videos from YouTube. I honestly haven't seen all of them, but I did watch a few during the short time I have today, Sunday. I was saying in the other classes that maybe it would be good to have more free time to relax, but we also know that very often people lose more time being unproductive, which means that if you're given only 10 minutes max to do something, we can expect that a time-conscientious person would go for that task that he can complete within the alloted time.  

Having said this, we don't yet have a new video from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki this evening. He may have decided to do something else today. 

Nevertheless, Mr. HARADA, Katsuhiro has launched a new video where we can watch him and Lily fight it out in TEKKEN8. 

I remember sharing in the other classes that Mr. HARADA's English sounded like Mr. WATANABE, Ken, a famous Japanese actor who has appeared in a number of Hollywood films, such as THE LAST SAMURAI and INCEPTION. 

In addition, after their fight, Mr. HARADA had to wear Lily's glasses, because of an agreement that if Mr. HARADA couldn't win he'd do so. We can see that Mr. HARADA surprisingly has big eyes, something that we don't frequently notice, because of his ever-present shades.

Of course, there are many more stories to tell, but I have to finish writing this now.

As always, thank you, and good night!

Regards,

Mike
