https://www.msn.com/en-ph/news/other/estelito-mendoza-lawyer-of-last-resort-dies-at-95/ar-AA1BIVYm?ocid=winp2fptaskbar&cvid=499026234359431f8aef0217c6f593e7&ei=29

> Estelito Mendoza, ‘lawyer of last resort,’ dies at 95

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xVTEF63hASk

> ゲームプロデューサー岡本吉起のYouTubeライブ（25年3月28日

Hello everyone,

I'm writing my report for yesterday evening this morning, because I had a change in my usual schedule.

The change was, for me, also prompted by the passing of Atty. Estelito Mendoza, the famous lawyer whom we saw on television in the 2000's defending Former Philippine President Joseph "Erap" Estrada during his litigation. Among graduates and university students, what was frequently mentioned was the idea that the young prosecutors couldn't win the case due to their teacher was on the defense. RIP.

Last night, Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki also had a Live lecture on YouTube where he gave his answer on a question regarding work. But first, he shared with us that his knee hurt during his usual walks in the neighborhood and he had to go to the hospital to have it checked. The medical doctor who examined him assured him that there was no fracture. As to the question, he was asked whether it would be advisable to go look for work that a person may not enjoy but could pay the bills, or should the person opt for a low-paying job that he would enjoy doing. According to Mr. OKAMOTO, if the work isn't fun, he wouldn't expect the person to last in that job for very long. He then cites his own case as example. His job in the development of Monster Hunter Now is to find bugs and report them to the developer. He enjoys doing this type of work, because he could see improvements being implemented. However, he thinks that it may not be for most people due to the work spans for many years.

This is all. Thank you.

Regards,

Mike
