https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m3wVO_kq34Q

> S4クライマックスイベントでレア６素材大量ゲットの奇跡起こしたるで｜モンスターハンターNOW 実況 Part 54

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3y7XwBcdg_0

> Q3: On the tariff war

Hello everyone,

Tonight, we have again plenty of videos from YouTube. But what I'd like to share with you all are the videos from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki on Monster Hunter NOW and the video from Mr. LEE, Hsien Loong, the Former Prime Minister of Singapore.

First, Mr. OKAMOTO's video shows us that he and Ms. Ocomesan are hunting the monster, "BAZERGIUS," which has 10 stars in its level of difficulty, and of course the rare items that hunters could potentially get after capturing it. In addition, we can see that Mr. OKAMOTO and Ms. Ocomesan had to try capturing it several times before they finally succeeded. It took them about 11 minutes to accomplish the task. From this, we are reminded of the SHI-NI-GE genre where the game's difficulty is so steep that players have to fail multiple times before finally winning.

The second video that I'd like to share with you all is the one from Mr. LEE. It's a comparatively short video, but even after barely 4 minutes, we can already learn about several interesting things from his explanation on tariffs, such as the events that led to the Second World War. But what I'd really want to focus on is the idea that at times what we should do is to simply do nothing and carry on with whatever it is that we're doing, but he says that politically speaking, this isn't acceptable. We have to send out a response to the other party noting that we've observed his actions.

This is all. Thank you, and good night!

Regards,

Mike
