https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O7osCUd8L1E

> インドネシア・バタム島に行ってきます｜岡本吉起塾Ch 
 
## --

> 19 March 2025, 5 PM GMT+8

> Open Care Asia Platform Cooperative - Systematic reuse of best practices in healthcare service deliver

> Overview: This webinar will discuss the results of the initial domain analysis conducted with participating stakeholders in the Philippines, the process for jurisdictions to join the OCAPC initiative, and the co-funding model of the OCAPC initiative.
	
Hi everyone,

Tonight, I want to share two stories with you.

The first is about the new video from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki, while the second is the Zoom meeting I attended this afternoon hosted by our friends at AeHIN.

In Mr. OKAMOTO's new video this evening, we find that he is sharing with us the news that he's going to Batam Island in Indonesia. He says from what he's heard, it would take 1.5 to 2 hours get there from Malaysia. He adds that actually he has a former employee who is getting married there. This former employee of his went to Batam Island and found his spouse-to-be. The other reason that Mr. OKAMOTO gave why he's going to there is because he wants to visit a video game company that was established there and where he has heard that employees receive about 41,000 yen monthly salary. According to Mr. OKAMOTO, what's most important is for the employee to have the motivation, and then the salary can be discussed afterward.

The second story is about the AeHIN Zoom meeting where Jorn Bettin shared with us that he and his team have already partnered with people in the island of Mindanao in the Philippines, so that through their system/platform people in three areas of the island could share health-related information. According to Jorn, the people themselves found value in the undertaking that they were able to come together and make use of it. However, given that USAID has been stopped, Jorn and his team are looking for ways to create a stable source of funding,, which is why they are currently looking to connect with people who can help them in this regard.

This is all. Thank you, and good night!
 
Regards,

Mike
