https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rb5LGUgaoWU

> ガソリン価格は安い？南国マレーシアの軽油価格事情｜岡本吉起塾Ch

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eNdVO8nFMPQ

> SM Lee Hsien Loong at the Singapore Maritime Lecture 2025 

Hello everyone,

Tonight, I want to share with you two videos. The first is from Mr. OKAMOTO, Yoshiki, and the second is from Mr. Lee Hsien Loong, the former Prime Minister of Singapore.

First, the video from Mr. OKAMOTO is a news report about the 55% increase in the price of gasoline, particularly diesel, in Malaysia. According to Mr. OKAMOTO, importing vehicles from abroad costs 120% more of the original price, so that a 1 million car would cost 2.2 million. However, since the running cost is much lower given, for example, the diesel price, people weren't too bothered with the imported car prices. Moreover, Malaysia has locally produced cars as well, which are much lower than their imported counterparts. Mr. OKAMOTO explains that the reason why the Malaysian government is adding the 55% increase is because there are people who buy the gasoline in Malaysia and transport it to nearby countries. If the price is set to be the same as the other countries', then there won't be any reason for those people to transport the gasoline that's for Malaysia.

The second video is the presentation of Mr. LEE, Hsien Loongs who shares with us Singapore's plan concerning maritime trade, which they believe will be even more crucial especially amidst the global situation that we all have right now. According to Mr. LEE, there's no country in the world that can produce its vehicle, for example, without getting component parts from other countries. In fact, since 1969, Former Prime Minister LEE, Kuan Yew also foresaw that the ports would be vital in building the nation, so that after many developments, 60 years later, this industry now employs over 140,000 people and occupies more than 6% of Singapore's GDP.

This is all. Of course, there are many more things to say, but I'll need to end this here. 

Thank you, and a pleasant evening to all of you!

Regards,

Mike

